1. run createDB.sql to update your tables according to new parameters discovered when working through adding customers/reservations
2. add your password to the newly updated InsertData.java file and run to populate data, I added some updates to the formatting. THIS IS THE ONLY FILE WHERE YOU WILL NEED TO ADD YOUR PASSWORD TO THE SOURCE CODE. I will update it when I add the adminscreen functionalities so that we no longer will need to add the password after login, but I havent merged these two parts of the program yet. 
3. create a new function by running getpricefunction.sql in datagrip
4. I had to add all of the .java files to a package(dbpack), and because of that, they can now be accessed via </br>
javac -cp "postgresql-42.2.18.jar;." dbpack/CostaExpress.java <br>
java -cp "postgresql-42.2.18.jar;." dbpack/CostaExpress <br>
**If you choose to edit the java files, each edited class will need to be recompiled with example: javac -cp .... dbpack/className.java** <br>
5. advancedSearches.sql contains my searches so far, but they are not implemented in the program nor are they finished, I just wanted to give it to you so you know where we are with those.

Notes about the program:<br>
Login - no user name is needed unless your username is different from the default "postgres" <br>
Admin Screen has no functionality yet. <br>
Agent Screen has no functionality for search or edit.

how to add customers:<br>
Enter parameters and click 'add'. If a new customer was added, a CustomerID is generated by the database and returned in the program under Customer ID

how to add reservations:<br>
Enter start station, end station, day, time and route and click 'get price'. The program generates a statement that corresponds to the getpricefunction and returns the price and train number of the request. <br>
Once the price has been generated, add a customerID and the amount paid. The program generates a reservation based on these parameters and if paid in full, a ticket number is generated.

The demo is super sensitive right now, for instance, if you were to make up a customerID that does not relate to any customers in the database and add it to the reservation, it would let you. This is fine for testing but it's something to consider in the future. 

I have my jar file in many places. I don't think it matters at all as long as it's in the root folder, Demo. I'm also not sure whether your machine will recognize the package, but if not.. I made it in VSCode by following these instructions: https://stackoverflow.com/questions/61503702/how-to-make-packages-in-java-project-in-visual-studio-code

If you have any questions or need help figuring out how to run this on your machine, let me know!

-Sam
